# Flight-Reservation-Website
In this project, our aim is to find optimal ways to go to the place where customers want to go. One of the ways is that customers reach destination in shortest time period. If customers concern about time, money is unimportant for them. Another one is that customers reach destination by spending lowest fee. In this situation, if customers concern about money, time is unimportant for them. Optimality guarantees lowest fee or shortest time.       In the final part of the project, steps of product are finished by us. Product is made up of associated documentation and computer programs. We introduce characteristics of project like defining requirements, making prototype for customers and scheduling a project. Secondly, our software is a web application. Internet programming is mostly used in our project. Customers must use internet for reaching our system. When we look at computer programs, they include databases, collection of programs which are related to finding optimal paths with algorithms, graphical user interface for visual projection. There are two databases. First one of them keeps flight information about airline companies. Flight information is planes arrival and departure times. Second database keeps user information. Why it can keep? Because, users are taking information about promotions and opportunities by registering themselves to this accounting system. Also, we and airline companies know who our customers are by keeping their information. Another one of the collection of computer programs finds optimal way to go to the place where customers want to go with using optimizations algorithms. In the web browser, user chooses one way to go to the place. When user chooses, algorithms start to work at the back side of the product. Then, it returns answer for what user wants. Final part of the computer programs is graphical user interface (GUI). Interface provides environment for users and developers to communicate each other. Users buy and reserve tickets by this interface. In addition, it is also web-based interface.           Finally, we explain our product characteristics. Our software product is a web-based application. Internet programming, database and algorithm are used in the product. At the bottom parts of this documentation, we mention about external interface requirements, software product features, software product attributes and database requirements. 
